	     NETSCAPE ONE SDK END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
 (EXCEPT FOR REDISTRIBUTABLE ELEMENTS, REDISTRIBUTION NOT PERMITTED)

GRANT. Subject to the provisions contained herein, Netscape
Communications Corporation ("Netscape") hereby grants to you a
non-exclusive license to use the components ("Components") that
comprise the Netscape ONE SDK. You may not redistribute any of the
Components except for those Components listed as Redistributable
Elements in the "redist.txt" file included in the Netscape ONE
SDK. Your redistribution of the Redistributable Elements is subject to
the following restrictions and any supplemental restrictions in the
"redist.txt" file for that Component: (i) you may reproduce and
redistribute the Redistributable Elements in object code form only (if
the applicable Redistributable Element is software), and only when
incorporated into your software product which adds substantial and
primary functionality to the Redistributable Elements, and (ii) you
may not permit further redistribution of the Redistributable Elements
by your end users.

USE OF COMPONENTS:

Source Code: You may copy and use internally the source code ("Source
Code") included in the Netscape ONE SDK.  You may not redistribute the
Source Code unless (i) the Source Code is listed as a Redistributable
Element, and (ii) you first compile the Source Code and distribute
only the compiled code.

Object Code and Graphics Files: You may copy and use internally the
object code ("Object Code") and graphics files ("Graphics Files")
included in the Netscape ONE SDK. You may not redistribute the Object
Code or the Graphics Files unless the applicable item is listed as a
Redistributable Element.

Documentation: You may use internally the documentation
("Documentation") included in the Netscape ONE SDK, but your right to
copy the Documentation is limited by copyright law. Making
unauthorized copies, adaptations, or compilation works is prohibited
and constitutes a punishable violation of the law.

Application Program Interfaces: You may use internally the application
programming interfaces ("APIs") included in the Netscape ONE SDK to
create and then distribute software programs. You may not modify or
redistribute the APIs.  Header Files and Java Classes: You may copy
and use internally the header files ("Header Files") and Java classes
("Java Classes") included in the Netscape ONE SDK solely to create and
distribute programs to interface with the APIs (with respect to the
Header Files) or Netscape products (with respect to the Java Classes).
You may not modify the Header Files or Java Classes.

Netscape may revise any of the Components from time to time without
notice.

FEES. There is no license fee for the licenses granted herein.

ENCRYPTION. If any of the Components contains cryptographic features,
then you must obtain a signed digital certificate from a certificate
authority or a certificate server in order to utilize the
cryptographic features. You may be charged additional fees for
certification services.  Following successful installation of a
digital certificate, your use of the cryptographic features will be
enabled. You are responsible for maintaining the security of the
environment in which the Components are used and the integrity of the
private key file used with the Components.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. Each of the Components is provided on an "AS
IS" basis, without warranty of any kind, including without limitation
the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose
and non-infringement. The entire risk as to the quality and
performance of the Components is borne by you. Should the Components
prove defective or inaccurate, as the case may be, you and not
Netscape or its suppliers assume the entire cost of any service and
repair. In addition, the security mechanisms, if any, implemented by
the Components have inherent limitations, and you must determine that
each of the Components sufficiently meets your requirements. This
disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of the
agreement. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSIONS OF AN IMPLIED
WARRANTY, SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE
OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY BY JURISDICTION.

LIMITATIONS. You may not:

permit other individuals to use the Components except under the terms
listed above;

modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble (except to
the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction), or
create derivative works (except as provided otherwise herein) based on
the Components;

copy any of the Components other than as specified above;

rent, lease, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer
rights to any of the Components; or remove any proprietary notices or
labels on or in any of the Components.

TITLE. Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in
all of the Components shall remain in Netscape and/or its
suppliers. The Components are protected by the copyright laws of the
United States and international copyright treaties. Title and related
rights in the content accessed through the Components is the property
of the applicable content owner and may be protected by applicable
law. This license gives you no rights to such content. This license
does not grant you any right to any enhancement or update to, or
support or telephone assistance with respect to, any of the
Components.

TERMINATION. The license will terminate automatically if you fail to
comply with the limitations described herein. Upon termination of this
License you agree to destroy all copies of the Components.

EXPORT CONTROLS. You may not download or otherwise export or reexport
the Components or any underlying information or technology except in
full compliance with all United States and other applicable laws and
regulations. None of the Components or underlying information or
technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported (i)
into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, North
Korea, Iran, Syria or any other country to which the U.S. has
embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's
list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce
Department's Table of Denial Orders. By downloading or using the
Components, you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are representing
and warranting that you are not located in, under the control of, or a
national or resident of any such country or on any such list.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL
THEORY, TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NETSCAPE OR ITS SUPPLIERS
OR RESELLERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK
STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES. IN NO EVENT WILL NETSCAPE BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES, EVEN IF NETSCAPE SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY. THIS
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR
PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH
LIMITATION. FURTHERMORE, SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS
LIMITATION AND EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES. The Components are not fault-tolerant and are
not designed, manufactured or intended for use or resale as on-line
control equipment in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe
performance, such as in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft
navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, direct life
support machines, or weapons systems, in which the failure of the
Components could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe
physical or environmental damage ("High Risk Activities"). Netscape
and its suppliers specifically disclaim any express or implied
warranty of fitness for High Risk Activities.

MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement represents the complete agreement
concerning this license and may amended only by a writing executed by
both parties. This license is personal to you and you agree not to
assign your rights in herein, and any attempted assignment by you
shall be null and void. If any provision of this Agreement is held to
be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
necessary to make it enforceable. This Agreement shall be governed by
California law (except for conflict of law provisions). The
application the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.

U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS. Each of the Components is a "commercial
item," as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R.  2.101 (Oct. 1995),
consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer
software documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212
(Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48
C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government
End Users acquire the Components with only those rights set forth
herein.

Copyright (c)1996 Netscape Communications Corporation

